
Find Jobs
Community
Career Services
About
Sign in
Post a job
All jobs
Product
Group Product Manager
Group Product Manager

Posted 8 days ago

Apply now
AI Auto-Apply
Save job


Working At Bitso



We are a diverse team that takes pride in understanding the perspectives of others. We fully embrace working remotely and we are eager to act, improve and accelerate progress inside and outside of our organization.




To drive revolutionary changes in society and make crypto useful, we delight our customers with world-class products, deep care, and intentional empathy.




Your Purpose 




We are looking for a highly skilled Group Product Manager to lead the strategic direction and execution of our operations systems, focusing on the development of Anti Money Laundry, Fraud Prevention, Identity Management and Back-office platform. You will lead a team of Product Managers and work closely with cross-functional partners to create efficient, scalable solutions that support Bitso's rapid growth.




This role requires a strategic leader who can manage complex product portfolios while mentoring a team to deliver world-class internal tools. You will be instrumental in building secure systems, replacing legacy systems with a modern infrastructure that supports critical business functions and setting high standards for product development.




The Group Product Manager will oversee the modernization of our internal infrastructure. This critical project will:





Provide a secure and scalable foundation for Bitso’s future growth.


Strengthen AML and Fraud Prevention standards.


Strategize products towards modern AI generative capabilities.


Streamline back-office system that is used by a variety of internal teams.


Replace our legacy systems and processes.





Reports To




Engineering Director 




Who You Are 





Proven experience managing and mentoring Product Managers to drive high-impact results.


Extensive experience working closely with Operational Teams, Customer Support, Compliance, Legal and Fraud Prevention.


Demonstrated expertise with Authentication and Identity Management Systems.


Strong background in Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Fraud Prevention within a financial or fintech context.


Proven track record of using the OKR (Objectives and Key Results) metrics model to align team goals with business strategy.


Experience with Back-office systems (desired).


Experience in stakeholder management, with the ability to negotiate and align diverse interests from business, legal, and engineering teams.


Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.


Knowledge of Agile development methodologies.





This is a senior leadership position. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of managing other product managers and leading complex, high-stakes product portfolios from concept to implementation. You should be a strategic thinker capable of driving business outcomes through disciplined product management and team leadership.




What You Will Do 





Lead and manage a team of Product Managers, providing guidance, mentorship, and professional development.


Define the product vision and roadmap for the trust and safety of customers, ensuring it streamlines internal workflows and improves productivity across departments.


Oversee the integration and strategy for Authentication, Identity Management, and security-focused products.


Collaborate with Compliance and Legal teams to ensure the product suite meets all Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Fraud Prevention standards.


Utilize the OKR model to set ambitious goals, track progress, and measure the success of the product group.


Work with engineers, engineering managers and designers to prioritize features, ensuring the technical feasibility and user-centricity of our solutions.


Conduct internal discovery and user testing to validate concepts and iterate based on feedback from Operations and different Business Units.


Effectively communicate product strategy and rationale to executive leadership.


Advocate for operational excellence and automated workflows throughout the organization.





Research in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion suggests that individuals may hesitate to apply for jobs if they do not meet all the listed criteria. At Bitso, we value diversity and your unique strengths could be just what we're looking for. If this role excites you but you don't match every point in the description, we still want to hear from you.




#LI-Remote 




Who We Are



With over 9 million users, Bitso is the leading cryptocurrency platform in Latin America. We are developing the cryptocurrency ecosystem in the region and enabling financial inclusion. We believe crypto is the future of finance, and we’re committed to making it useful by providing equal access to safe and intuitive financial products.




When we hire people for our team, we specifically test for the following traits in addition to our cultural values:








Mission-Driven: We seek individuals who are passionate about crypto and Bitso’s mission and resilient in facing industry challenges








High Sense of Urgency: We prioritize candidates who demonstrate a high sense of urgency and responsibility.












Exceptional Hard Skills: We seek individuals who possess exceptional skills in their respective fields, with no room for mediocrity.








Self-Management: We look for individuals who can independently manage their work, career, and professional development.







Compensation & Benefits



At Bitso, you are taking the front seat on the edge of crypto innovation, creating the next generation of crypto-powered products.




So for those willing to commit, adapt and pioneer the most important change of the century we offer:





Me Time program, including unlimited paid time off.


Remote-first work environment.


Employee Stock Option program.


Zero trading fees through our Bitso Alpha app.


Extended Family LeavePolicy: all birthing parents, non-birthing parents and adopting parents are eligible for a 4-months leave.


Premium health, dental and life insurances in Mexico, Gibraltar, Colombia, USA, Brazil and Argentina.


Monthly stipend for gym memberships, relaxation activities, sports equipment, cooking classes, books, entertainment and more.





Want to leave an undoubtedly legacy with us? Fasten your seatbelt and join this spaceship, where you will find exponential growth and the opportunity to thrive!





These are the applicable requisites, although equivalent competencies in any of the above will also be considered.


To see our Privacy Policy please click here.




Bitso 
View company

Jobs posted: 2

About the job
Posted on
8 days ago
Apply before
May 30th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Category
Product
Region
Anywhere in the World
Apply now
or
Auto-Apply with AI

No forms. Just smart, optimized applications.

Related Jobs
Remote Product jobs→
Digital Product Lead

1d

silverorange 

Charlottetown, PE 

Featured

Full-Time

🇨🇦 Canada

Head of Community

Jan 28

The Tech Tribe 

Sydney, Australia 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Senior WordPress Developer

Jan 20

WPForms 

West Palm Beach, Florida, United States 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World



Top 100 Companies
Blog
Remote Hiring Guide
FAQ
Events
RSS

40,160 Remote jobs posted

© 2026 We Work Remotely
Contact SupportTermsGuidelinesPrivacyWhy Choose WWR?