Why Ryan?

Hybrid Work Options

Award-Winning Culture

Generous Personal Time Off (PTO) Benefits

14-Weeks of 100% Paid Leave for New Parents (Adoption Included)

Monthly Gym Membership Reimbursement OR Gym Equipment Reimbursement

Benefits Eligibility Effective Day One

401K with Employer Match

Tuition Reimbursement After One Year of Service

Fertility Assistance Program

Four-Week Company-Paid Sabbatical Eligibility After Five Years of Service

Ryan, LLC is an award-winning global tax firm that liberates its clients from the burden of being overtaxed. By freeing our clients’ capital, we make it possible for them to invest, grow, and thrive – concentrating on what they do best. For years, Ryan has been delivering unparalleled value to many of the world’s most respected companies in the form of exceptional services, as well as cutting edge software solutions. In 2021, Ryan was named as One of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor. Ryan has also been named one of the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For the past five years in a row.
We are on a mission to become the world’s trusted platform for tax, seamlessly delivering the right combination of software and expertise to become an intuitive extension of our clients’ tax capability.
We are looking for a product leader who deeply understands what it takes to craft a great product management organization in the areas of Product Leadership, People Management, and Product Performance & Execution.
The Product Manager will take part in defining a product platform which brings together a collection of focused, sophisticated, data-heavy software applications backed by expert tax professionals. The platform will be used by a spectrum of businesses, from SMBs to large multinationals, across a variety of market segments, and is comprised of a portfolio of products, which will need to be reconciled with the currently available suite of Ryan software products.
Ultimately, the goal of the platform is to serve as the hub for all things tax, providing access to a network of complementary products and services.
We are looking for a Product Manager who is obsessed with solving for user needs, has an extreme attention to detail, concisely communicates complex concepts, has great business and analytical skills and is excited about the craft of product management.
This role is perfect for a product manager who has an ownership mentality for driving impact, pursues data-informed insights, focuses on customer empathy and product craft, and loves to learn and execute. To be successful in this role, you need to have a bias for action, and be comfortable guiding decision-making based on a combination of hard data and incomplete or ambiguous information. You understand how to balance long-term bets with quick wins.
Duties and responsibilities:

Support development of product strategy and roadmaps working in conjunction with Senior Managers and Directors of Product and product team
Build hypotheses and MVP scope to meet product goals, with emphasis on reusable platform capabilities and scalable shared services
Analyze product and business data to create data-driven insights and drive iterative development
Create a positive team member experience.
Be responsible for direct interaction with business stakeholders, including, but not limited to, eliciting comprehensive business requirements, use cases, and recommending appropriate solutions.
Acts as a product subject matter expert for sales and sales support
Create user stories, requirements and functional specifications for development.
Collaborate with User experience team to design user interface and user flows
Drive Platform consistency and service reuse across teams and products
Work closely with engineering and architecture to define scalable platform services, APIs, and shared service integrations
Support Customer Operations and client training as needed
Work with development team to estimate work and execute against plan
Work with Development, QA, and Production Support teams to communicate, verify, and test the desired functionality changes.
Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Information Systems, Finance, Computer Science or a related field. Minimum of 3 years of direct work experience in a product management or business analyst capacity.  Experience with Agile software delivery methodologies is required. Experience with corporate tax (indirect tax, property tax, etc.) is a plus.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience defining and managing platform capabilities or internal products used by multiple teams
Proficiency with modern AI tooling (e.g., LLMs, copilots, prompt-based workflows) and a track record of applying them to product discovery, requirement generation, analysis, and operational efficiency
Anticipates and proactively delivers expected results for team members
Effectively solves problems
Demonstrates initiative and provides complete follow-through on areas of responsibility
Advanced written, visual and verbal communication skills
Superior attention to detail
Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness
Demonstrates willingness to be flexible and adaptable to changing priorities
Thrives working both independently and in a team-based environment
Strong multitasking and organizational skills
Computer Skills:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must have experience with MS SQL and advanced skills in Microsoft Word, Access, Excel, Outlook, and Internet navigation and research. 

Certificates and Licenses:

Valid driver’s license required. 

Supervisory Responsibilities:

Requires limited supervisory responsibilities including training employees, assigning work, and checking work for accuracy and completeness.

Compensation Pay Transparency:

For certain California based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $130,000.00 - $178,750.00
For other California based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $119,000.00 - $163,900.00
For Colorado based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $114,000.00 - $156,750.00
For Illinois based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $119,000.00 - $163,900.00
For other Illinois based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $114,000.00 - $156,750.00
For Maryland based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $114,000.00 - $156,750.00
For Massachusetts based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $119,000.00 - $163,900.00
For other Massachusetts based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $114,000.00 - $156,750.00
For New Jersey based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $130,000.00 - $178,750.00
For New York based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $130,000.00 - $178,750.00
For other New York based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $108,000.00 - $148,500.00
For Washington based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $119,000.00 - $163,900.00
The Firm makes offers based on many factors, including qualifications and experience. Roles may be eligible for incentive compensation.
Work Environment:

Standard indoor working environment.
Occasional long periods of sitting while working at computer.
Position requires regular interaction with employees and clients both in person and via e-mail and telephone.
Independent travel requirement: up to 10%.