URL: https://www.adzuna.com/details/5720704313?utm_medium=api&utm_source=2be7f996

Product Manager-API Platforms
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Plano Texas 75023
$264,231 per year - estimated ?
Permanent
Full time
Apply for this job
You enjoy shaping the future of product innovation as a core leader, driving value for customers, guiding successful launches, and exceeding expectations. Join our dynamic team and make a meaningful impact by delivering high-quality products that resonate with clients.

As a Product Manager in API Marketplace Platform, you are an integral part of the team that innovates new product offerings and leads the end-to-end product life cycle. As a core leader, you are responsible for acting as the voice of the customer and developing profitable products that provide customer value. Utilizing your deep understanding of how to get a product off the ground, you guide the successful launch of products, gather crucial feedback, and ensure top-tier client experiences. With a strong commitment to scalability, resiliency, and stability, you collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality products that exceed customer expectations.

Job responsibilities

Develops a product strategy and product vision that delivers value to customers
Manages discovery efforts and market research to uncover customer solutions and integrate them into the product roadmap
Owns, maintains, and develops a product backlog that enables development to support the overall strategic roadmap and value proposition
Builds the framework and tracks the product's key success metrics such as cost, feature and functionality, risk posture, and reliability
Monitors market trends, conducts competitive analysis, and identifies opportunities for product differentiation
Manages the creation and delivery of platform capabilities throughout the development process, including but not limited to defining product requirements, overseeing implementation, ensuring product adoption, continuous product expansion and demonstrating advocacy
Serves as a key leader in production ideation, management, requirements gathering, vendor engagement and roadmap execution
Partners with engineering leadership to ensure collaboration and alignment among teams
Organizes, prioritizes and escalates critical issues and required information to facilitate efficient decision making; establish priorities, and provide oversight and guidance to team of those priorities
Manages a team of 6-8 Product Managers responsible for end-to-end product execution, ensuring alignment to strategy, dependency management across teams, and effective senior-stakeholder communication.

Required qualifications, capabilities, and skills

5+ years of experience or equivalent expertise in product management or a relevant domain area
Advanced knowledge of the product development life cycle, design, and data analytics
Proven ability to lead product life cycle activities including discovery, ideation, strategic development, requirements definition, and value management
Experience driving change within organizations and managing stakeholders across multiple functions
Technical knowledge to propose and influence new product and feature explorations, especially in enterprise-scale APIs
Experience with API or developer-focused platforms
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner or similar familiarity with AWS or other Cloud platforms
Excellent oral and written communication and presentations skills across various stakeholders and senior management; ability to synthesize large amounts of information, summarize key concepts and articulate relevant issues to senior management
Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or other related disciplines
2+ years of experience managing product managers

Preferred qualifications, capabilities, and skills

Demonstrated prior experience working in a highly matrixed, complex organization
Experience with API Gateways and AI preferred


Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set and location. Those in eligible roles may receive commission-based pay and/or discretionary incentive compensation, paid in the form of cash and/or forfeitable equity, awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans

Base Pay/Salary
Seattle,WA $122,550.00 - $201,000.00 / year
Apply for this job
Stats for this job
Salary comparison:
This job	 	

National
average	 	

IT Jobs
average	 	

Texas
average	 	
Salaries

The number of jobs in each salary range for all:

Receive similar jobs by email
 Create alert
Similar jobs
Product Director- Partner Platform
$180,500.00-$285,000
JPMorganChase
Plano, Texas
Product Manager-API Platforms
$122,550.00-$201,000
JPMorganChase
Plano, Texas
Product Manager-API Platform
ESTIMATED: $179,852 per year ?
JPMorganChase
Plano, Texas
Product Director- Partner Platform
ESTIMATED: $237,246 per year ?
JPMorgan Chase
Plano, Texas, 75026
Product Manager-API Platform
ESTIMATED: $241,184 per year ?
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Plano Texas 75023
Popular searches
Platform engineer
Platform engineer in Plano, TX
Plano, TX