The Digital Product Manager at Allstate will develop product strategy, conduct market research, manage product lifecycle, and lead cross-functional teams to ensure successful product delivery aligning with customer needs.
Summary Generated by Built In
At Allstate, great things happen when our people work together to protect families and their belongings from life’s uncertainties. And for more than 90 years, our innovative drive has kept us a step ahead of our customers’ evolving needs. From advocating for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws, to being an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, and, more recently, device and identity protection. 

Job Description

The Architecture Compute, and Engineering organization provides a transformative platform ecosystem with a comprehensive set of capabilities that empowers end users and digital product teams to innovate seamlessly and drive growth for Allstate through the Consumer Connected Cloud mission. This ecosystem aims to provide an absolute frictionless experience for our user community.
As a Digital Product Manager in the ACE organization, you'll be contributing towards defining, delivering, and managing the lifecycle of one or more products ensuring they meet the needs of the customers and align with the company’s strategic goals. This role requires a blend of strategic thinking, technical understanding, and business acumen.
A career as a Digital Product Manager is both challenging and rewarding, offering the opportunity to innovate and shape the future of digital products. Ideal candidates are strategic thinkers with strong technical and communication skills, capable of driving product success in a fast-paced environment.
Key Responsibilities

Product Strategy and Vision: Develop and communicate the vision and strategy for digital product/s. 
Market Research: Conduct market and user research to identify trends, customer needs, and competitive landscape. 
Product Development: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and launch new digital products. 
Roadmap Management: Create and continuously maintain a product roadmap that aligns with business goals and customer needs. 
Ongoing Management: Work with the Digital Product team to write & groom stories, prioritize, and manage the backlog. 
Performance Monitoring: Definite product performance metrics & monitor product performance using analytics tools and make data-driven decisions. 
Stakeholder Communication: Communicate product progress and updates to internal stakeholders and external partners. 
Budget Management: Manage product budgets and resources efficiently. 
Customer Feedback: Gather and analyze customer feedback to continually improve the product. 
Qualifications   

Experience with Agile methodologies and product management tooling 
Technical Skills: Understanding of development processes, human centered design, UX/UI design, and digital marketing 
Analytical Skills: Proficiency in data analysis and interpretation to inform product decisions. 
Communication Skills: Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Leadership: Proven ability to lead and inspire cross-functional teams. 
Problem-Solving: Strong problem-solving skills and creativity in finding solutions. 
Experience in networking, identity management solutions, infrastructure as code, automation, data analytics, or cloud solutions preferred. 
Product experience in End User, Network, Compute, or Platform as a Service preferred. 
Experience with M365 (preferred)
Skills

Business Case Analyses, Communication, Cross-Functional Teamwork, Microsoft Office 365, Product Management, Product Roadmapping, Product Strategies, Systems Thinking, Voice of the Customer (VOC)
Compensation

Compensation offered for this role is 120,000.00 - 193,725.00 annually and is based on experience and qualifications.
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation.