URL: https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/walrus-product-lead

Find Jobs
Community
Career Services
About
Sign in
Post a job
All jobs
Product
Product Lead
Product Lead

Posted 2 days ago

Apply now
AI Auto-Apply
Save job
About us

B2B payments are a multi-trillion-dollar industry and, as the industry pushes further into digitization and faster settlement, fraud has become a massive problem — to the tune of $43B in annual losses.

Walrus is the leader in B2B payment verification, with clients that include some of the biggest names in investment management. Our DoubleCheck platform combines advanced authentication, proprietary technology, AI, and novel UX to collect and confirm payment details. DoubleCheck has defined a new category: verifying the safe transfer of financial information and assets.

DoubleCheck’s NPS is over 80, NDR last year was 122%, our renewal rate is effectively 100%, and nearly all growth has come via inbound and organic leads. That growth has been exponential, and as a consequence, our financial position is strong, including recent quarters of cash flow positivity. Now we plan to pour fuel on the fire.

Walrus is led by PhD computer scientists and security researchers, with decades of experience in engineering, cybersecurity, and cryptography, and many research accomplishments at Harvard, Stanford, MIT, the University of Chicago, Columbia, UTexas, and NYU. We’re backed by one of the world's leading fintech VC funds, as well as founders and former executives of Twitter, Google Maps, Databricks, and Kayak.

The role

This role would be perfect for a former founder who has “get things done” traits, is comfortable with ambiguity, knows how to identify high-value projects, and can inspire or manage a team to accomplish those things. In more detail, you will:

Own the specs and drive the roadmap for our flagship product, DoubleCheck.

Contribute to strategy based on deep understanding of customer needs, market trends, and long-term company vision.

Collaborate closely with developers to scope, prioritize, and ship new features.

Determine or contribute to intuitive flows for new kinds of authentication, payments, reputation, and more. 

Manage team processes to ensure high velocity of execution.

Make decisions based on business priorities (both long-term growth and immediate needs) and available resources.

Define metrics, goals, and indicators to measure the team’s effectiveness.

Handle technical conversations with customers about product capabilities and requirements.

Represent DoubleCheck at industry events, conferences, and to the press.

About you

You are comfortable with the idea that strategic choices should be data-driven, using evidence rather than opinion. At the same time, you understand when there isn’t enough data, and you are comfortable making a choice based on judgment. You have:

Owner, driver, and doer mindset. You have a bias toward action. You want to get things done, and you are willing to do them yourself.

Independent problem-solving ability. You can apply first-principles thinking to clarify ambiguous situations and solve new problems.

Experience either as a former founder OR several years of product manager/lead with product line responsibility.

Strong UX sensibilities and ability to sketch wireframes, as needed.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills, particularly in technical contexts.

Comfort operating in a fast-paced startup environment with high autonomy.

Technical background or ability to engage deeply in technical discussions.

History of bridging product and engineering functions, particularly in early-stage companies.

What it’s like to work with us

We’re a tight-knit, early-stage team that’s focused on building a product that our customers love. We have a strong company culture based on collaboration, ownership, and mentoring. We meet sparingly and efficiently. We understand our innate biases and celebrate diversity. We have a low-ego workplace, where we provide the tools for everyone to do their best work. You will work closely with the leadership team, and have room for extensive growth within the company.

Remote work is welcomed, but candidates who wish can report to work in NYC (and receive relocation assistance).

Walrus offers competitive compensation and benefits, including salary, equity, paid medical insurance, dental, vision, company contribution to wellness, good coverage for dependents, parental leave, retirement, relocation assistance, and unlimited PTO.

We believe talent comes from all backgrounds and walks of life, and are committed to providing a comfortable environment for everyone to work.

The base pay for this position is $130k–$210k (depending on location and experience). There is additionally a substantial equity component, not included in these figures. This information is provided per the New York City Human Rights Law.

Walrus 
View company

Jobs posted: 2

About the job
Posted on
2 days ago
Apply before
May 29th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Category
Product
Region
Anywhere in the World
Apply now
or
Auto-Apply with AI

No forms. Just smart, optimized applications.

Related Jobs
Remote Product jobs→
Head of Community

Jan 28

The Tech Tribe 

Sydney, Australia 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Senior WordPress Developer

Jan 20

WPForms 

West Palm Beach, Florida, United States 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Head of Product

Dec 26

Toggl 

Tallinn, Estonia 

Featured

 Top 100

Full-Time

$100,000 or more USD

Anywhere in the World



Top 100 Companies
Blog
Remote Hiring Guide
FAQ
Events
RSS

40,103 Remote jobs posted

© 2026 We Work Remotely
Contact SupportTermsGuidelinesPrivacyWhy Choose WWR?