URL: https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/secureframe-product-manager

Find Jobs
Community
Career Services
About
Sign in
Post a job
All jobs
Product
Product Manager
Product Manager

Posted 5 days ago

Apply now
AI Auto-Apply
Save job
At Secureframe, we are not just a company; we are at the forefront of revolutionizing cybersecurity compliance. Recognized as one of the industry's most innovative and trusted providers, Secureframe has consistently received accolades for our advanced technology solutions and commitment to excellence. With a robust portfolio of products that safeguard thousands of businesses worldwide, we have been featured in major publications such as Forbes’ next billion dollar startups, TechCrunch, and The Wall Street Journal for our transformative impact on the way companies achieve and maintain compliance standards.


As we continue to grow, our mission remains clear: to provide seamless, secure compliance solutions that enable businesses to focus on what they do best. Joining Secureframe means becoming part of a dynamic team dedicated to professional excellence and continuous learning in an environment that values creativity and forward-thinking.


Secureframe is backed by top VCs including Kleiner Perkins, Accomplice, Gradient Ventures (Google’s AI Fund), BoxGroup, Village Global, and many more.


Our product team is looking for strategic problem solvers to take ownership of new products, from discovery to launch and beyond. You’ll work closely with customers and cross-functional teams to explore, iterate, and build the future you strongly believe in.


You'll own products from conception to launch and be responsible for the development and business success of Secureframe services and products. You'll get the opportunity to work closely with leadership across the organization. As a member of the Secureframe team, you'll also influence team culture and how we work cross-functionally together.


We're a distributed, remote-first company (and have company offsites) that cares about collaboration, ownership, and growth.


Benefits
Medical, dental, and vision benefits for you and your dependent(s)
Flexible PTO
401(k)
Paid family leave
Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the team
What you'll do
Become an expert on the Secureframe product and deeply understand our customers
Synthesize customer pain points, user research, analysis, and stakeholder feedback into detailed product requirements
Drive feature development from start to finish with the engineering team, while collaborating with key stakeholders across the company
Execute on projects and proactively identify improvements and new opportunities for our product
Partner with other PMs and cross-functional teams to develop a compelling vision, strategy, and roadmap
Work with product and engineering to clarify, triage, and prioritize bugs
Assist with projects and go-to-market activities across the product team, including planning, execution, and monitoring success
Get savvy with product metrics to assess the health and success of your product
What we're looking for
3+ years of experience in product management
Strong product sense and passion for creating memorable experiences for customers
Excellent quantitative analysis skills and a data driven approach to problem solving
Excellent communication and project management skills with the ability to work with multiple stakeholders
Self-driven with a sense of urgency and a knack for tackling unexpected problems
Excitement for working in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment
Curiosity, resourcefulness, and a desire to grow
Secureframe is an equal opportunity employer. We aim to create an environment where every team member at Secureframe feels like they belong so they can have a greater impact on our business and customers. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.


Collaboration, connection, and having fun with colleagues is an important part of our culture as a remote first company.  Therefore, all employees must be able to travel by air to company offsites two to four times per year (reasonable accommodations will be made where appropriate).


We've become aware of fraudulent job offers and recruiters falsely claiming to represent Secureframe. 


Please note:
1. Official Communication: All genuine Secureframe recruiting communication and job offers are sent from @secureframe.com email addresses.
2. No Fees: We never ask for payments or fees from job applicants at any stage.
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.
Secureframe 
View company

Jobs posted: 3

About the job
Posted on
5 days ago
Apply before
May 30th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Category
Product
Region
Anywhere in the World
Apply now
or
Auto-Apply with AI

No forms. Just smart, optimized applications.

Related Jobs
Remote Product jobs→
Head of Community

Jan 28

The Tech Tribe 

Sydney, Australia 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Senior WordPress Developer

Jan 20

WPForms 

West Palm Beach, Florida, United States 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Head of Product

Dec 26

Toggl 

Tallinn, Estonia 

Featured

 Top 100

Full-Time

$100,000 or more USD

Anywhere in the World



Top 100 Companies
Blog
Remote Hiring Guide
FAQ
Events
RSS

40,137 Remote jobs posted

© 2026 We Work Remotely
Contact SupportTermsGuidelinesPrivacyWhy Choose WWR?