URL: https://cisco.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Cisco_Careers/job/San-Jose-California-US/Product-Manager_2013581?ref=interviewstack.io

Skip to main content
Careers
English
Sign In
Search for Jobs
Product Manager page is loaded
Product Manager
Apply
remote type
Remote
locations
San Jose, California, US
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 2 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: June 5, 2026 (27 days left to apply)
job requisition id
2013581
The application window is expected to close on: 06/05/2026

Job posting may be removed earlier if the position is filled or if a sufficient number of applications are received.

Meet the Team 

Isovalent, now part of Cisco, is the company founded by the creators of Cilium and eBPF. Cisco Isovalent builds open-source software and enterprise solutions solving networking, security, and observability needs for modern cloud native infrastructure. The flagship technologies, Cilium and Tetragon, are the choice of numerous, industry-leading, global organizations.  

We believe in fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace where every team member feels valued, respected, and empowered. We believe that every employee contributes to our success, and we are committed to fostering an environment where everyone can thrive. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply and join us in our mission to deliver exceptional products and services. 

 

Your Impact

As the Engineering Product Manager, you are the voice of the customer inside Isovalent. You will lead the vision and roadmap for Tetragon products and deliver rich eBPF-powered capabilities to Isovalent’s full customer base. 

Product Vision & Strategy: Lead the vision and roadmap for Tetragon-based products, delivering advanced eBPF-powered runtime security capabilities that enable users to detect, investigate, and mitigate cloud-native threats. 

Customer-Centric Innovation: Act as the primary voice of the customer within Isovalent, engaging directly with the user base to understand their unique challenges and translate them into actionable product requirements. 

Technical Growth & Collaboration: Collaborate with industry-leading eBPF engineers to deepen your technical expertise, driving the evolution of Kubernetes-native infrastructure security. 

Sales & Pre-Sales Enablement: Empower sales teams by providing the tools, demonstrations, and technical validation necessary to successfully articulate the value of our runtime security solutions to prospects. 

Marketing & Content Leadership: Partner with marketing to evangelize Tetragon through high-impact content, including technical blog posts, white papers, videos, and interactive labs. 

Customer Success & Community Advocacy: Support Customer Success teams in driving user adoption and represent Isovalent at industry conferences and meetups to foster the open-source eBPF and Tetragon community. 

 

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelors + 8 years, Masters + 6 years, or PhD + 3 years of related experience in product management or cybersecurity product development. 

Experience working in Cloud Native security and SecOps workflows, including threat detection, incident response, vulnerability management, and offensive security (red/blue/purple teaming). 

Prior experience building enterprise-grade software for Fortune 500 customers, with demonstrated experience managing the end-to-end product lifecycle from ideation to successful launch. 

Experience leading product strategy and roadmap development, including the ability to foster collaboration and secure buy-in from diverse stakeholders across engineering, marketing, and sales departments; along with defining and communicating a unified product vision. 

Experience in the Cloud Native security competitive landscape, coupled with experience driving Go-To-Market (GTM) strategies and Product-Led Growth (PLG) initiatives. 

 

Preferred Qualifications

Deep expertise in Kubernetes and Kubernetes Security, supported by a strong technical foundation in eBPF, Linux , and kernel concepts. 

Demonstrated experience with the broader SecOps tooling ecosystem, including SIEM/log collection systems (Splunk, ELK, Google SecOps) and IDS/IPS network security tools (Suricata, Zeek, Snort, OSSEC). 

Practical knowledge of industry security frameworks and compliance standards (MITRE ATT&CK, CIS benchmarks, PCI-DSS, NIST 800-53, SOC2). 

Experience designing backend systems that enable growth, such as self-service provisioning or friction-free onboarding flows. 

Proven track record building products for large enterprise customers and hyperscalers, including navigating complex compliance requirements and managing global rollouts.

Why Cisco? 

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere. 

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you. 

Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:

The starting salary range posted for this position is $168,800.00 to $241,200.00 and reflects the projected salary range for new hires in this position in U.S. and/or Canada locations, not including incentive compensation*, equity, or benefits.

Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location, market conditions, job-related skillset, experience, qualifications, education, certifications, and/or training. The full salary range for certain locations is listed below. For locations not listed below, the recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process.

U.S. employees are offered benefits, subject to Cisco’s plan eligibility rules, which include medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, paid parental leave, short and long-term disability coverage, and basic life insurance. Please see the Cisco careers site to discover more benefits and perks.  Employees may be eligible to receive grants of Cisco restricted stock units, which vest following continued employment with Cisco for defined periods of time.

U.S. employees are eligible for paid time away as described below, subject to Cisco’s policies:

10 paid holidays per full calendar year, plus 1 floating holiday for non-exempt employees

1 paid day off for employee’s birthday, paid year-end holiday shutdown, and 4 paid days off for personal wellness determined by Cisco

Non-exempt employees** receive 16 days of paid vacation time per full calendar year, accrued at rate of 4.92 hours per pay period for full-time employees

Exempt employees participate in Cisco’s flexible vacation time off program, which has no defined limit on how much vacation time eligible employees may use (subject to availability and some business limitations)

80 hours of sick time off provided on hire date and each January 1st thereafter, and up to 80 hours of unused sick time carried forward from one calendar year to the next

Additional paid time away may be requested to deal with critical or emergency issues for family members

Optional 10 paid days per full calendar year to volunteer

For non-sales roles, employees are also eligible to earn annual bonuses subject to Cisco’s policies.

Employees on sales plans earn performance-based incentive pay on top of their base salary, which is split between quota and non-quota components, subject to the applicable Cisco plan. For quota-based incentive pay, Cisco typically pays as follows:

.75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota;

1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%;

1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and

Once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation.

For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, Cisco may pay 0% up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.

The applicable full salary ranges for this position, by specific state, are listed below:

New York City Metro Area:

$168,800.00 - $277,400.00

Non-Metro New York state & Washington state:

$148,800.00 - $248,200.00

* For quota-based sales roles on Cisco’s sales plan, the ranges provided in this posting include base pay and sales target incentive compensation combined.

** Employees in Illinois, whether exempt or non-exempt, will participate in a unique time off program to meet local requirements.

Why Cisco?

Cisconians power the future. We make impact as a team, innovating fast and fearlessly to create meaningful solutions on a large scale. The depth and breadth of our technology doesn't just benefit our customers – it also means limitless opportunities for us to experiment and learn. We understand the power each of our unique backgrounds bring when we work together. Because of that, we have a global network of thinkers, doers, experts, and curious creators who help one another do their life’s best work.

Read More
Follow Us
Privacy Policy - This site uses essential cookies only.
© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.