URL: https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/cenosco-product-owner

Find Jobs
Community
Career Services
About
Sign in
Post a job
All jobs
Product
Product Owner
Product Owner

Posted 2 days ago

Apply now
AI Auto-Apply
Save job
We are on the lookout for a Product Owner to shape future of Asset Integrity Software! 

Are you passionate about building world-class software solutions that make a real impact? At Cenosco, we develop cutting-edge asset integrity management software used by global industry leaders. As a Product Owner, you’ll be at the heart of our innovation, driving the vision, strategy, and development of our products to deliver maximum value to our customers. 

As a Product Owner you’ll be responsible for managing stakeholders, defining product requirements, prioritizing work, and inspecting the deliverables of the team to ensure impeccable features and functionality of the product or specific product area. You’ll be the one to incorporate feature requests into product roadmap and plan ahead future releases. 

You can become the pioneer of the best PO practices. You will actively influence and shape how things supposed to be done! Create processes, procedures and lead the change. Show us the best practices and implement it to the whole organization! You say, we follow. 


What You will do
Sharing knowledge, best practices and latest trends in SaaS product management 
Lead the product roadmap. Plan releases, set expectations, and prioritize the backlog 
Collaborate closely with engineers to provide daily direction and ensure smooth development 
Work cross-functionally to align with customer support, marketing, and leadership for seamless cooperation 
Be the face of the product and act as the primary contact for internal and external stakeholders 
Champion customer needs to translate their vision into continuous product improvements 
What You will need
5+ years of professional experience as a Product Owner or Product Manager in IT (SaaS)
Proven ability to lead processes in Agile environments
Solid experience in writing and evaluation of structured product requirements and plans
Strong communication skills, creativity, and a high-level work ethics and integrity
Hands-on experience with PO tools like Productive, Azure DevOps, Product Board, YouTrack or similar
Solid experience in writing clear and structured product requirements
Bonus points for
Knowledge of Oil & Gas domain
Product Owner certification
Experience working with internationally distributed products
Why You will love working with Us
Work in a fast-growing and interesting industry
Flexible work that best fits your needs and the role
Competitive compensation with some nice additional perks
Top-notch offices and equipment
Continuous improvement and learning opportunities to grow your career
Team activities, not the usual one just to look nice on social media but what our team choose and ask for
A great team of engaged passionate and helpful people
Cenosco 
View company

Jobs posted: 1

About the job
Posted on
2 days ago
Apply before
May 29th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Category
Product
Region
Anywhere in the World
Apply now
or
Auto-Apply with AI

No forms. Just smart, optimized applications.

Related Jobs
Remote Product jobs→
Head of Community

Jan 28

The Tech Tribe 

Sydney, Australia 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Senior WordPress Developer

Jan 20

WPForms 

West Palm Beach, Florida, United States 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Head of Product

Dec 26

Toggl 

Tallinn, Estonia 

Featured

 Top 100

Full-Time

$100,000 or more USD

Anywhere in the World



Top 100 Companies
Blog
Remote Hiring Guide
FAQ
Events
RSS

40,103 Remote jobs posted

© 2026 We Work Remotely
Contact SupportTermsGuidelinesPrivacyWhy Choose WWR?