URL: https://jobs.lever.co/coins/0b81c418-c605-4854-963b-d42f65d42ab3

Payments Product Manager (PH)
Taguig City, Metro Manila, PhilippinesPayments – Product Solutions /Full-Time Employee /Hybrid
	APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Join the Pioneer Crypto Brand in the Philippines!


Coins is the most established crypto brand in The Philippines and has gained the trust of more than 18 million users. Through the easy-to-use mobile app, users can buy and sell a variety of different cryptocurrencies and access a wide range of financial services.


Coins is fully regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) and is the first ever crypto-based company in Asia to hold both Virtual Currency and Electronic Money Issuer licenses from a central bank.


Join the leading Crypto Brand in the Philippines!


Who we are


We are one of the oldest and largest crypto platforms in Southeast Asia offering exchange and wallet services to our users. Our product lineup also includes electronic payment service and e-wallet. Through our wallet, users can send money to anyone, pay for bills, shop online at over 100,000 merchants, receive money transfers from 200+ countries even without a bank account, and of course view and purchase cryptocurrencies.


Coins.ph is looking for a Senior Product Manager with a strong payments background to join our Product team. In this role you will help the company's Product team to make decisions based on data and industry best practices.
What you'll do:
Build and expand fiat payment offerings for our users in the Philippines and beyond by integrating with payment providers and banks
Productize our payments solution (ewallet, tokenized payments, crypto-to-fiat) for external partners
Work with Engineering and Design to ideate, build and optimize user journey in the payments flow, as well as the backend flow/automation on order processing, settlement and reconciliation
Own related operational metrics like payment conversion rates
Work with internal (Finance, Operations, Compliance, etc.) and external (Bancnet, PCHC, etc.) stakeholders to scale the business while managing operational efficiency
Interface and assist external clients with API integration questions and troubleshooting
What we expect from you
Relevant working experience in the Philippines banking, fintech and payments landscape
Bachelor’s degree or above, with a STEM or business / finance / economics related major preferred
Experience building end to end payment rails for tech platforms, from user frontend flows to payment provider integrations to settlement and reconciliation
Possess superior analytical and quantitative skills, and have the ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions 
Skilled communicator and can collaborate effectively with a breadth of stakeholders including engineering, lawyers, compliance, sales, external partners, etc.
Insatiably curious and possess an entrepreneurial drive
Join the Coins Team Now!


Meaningful Collaborations - The successful candidate will work cross-functionally with other relevant teams to carry out implementations that will improve and create an impact on customer experience.


Scalable Growth - Be part of a fast-growing organization with the vision to expand its territories outside APAC which will provide opportunities for career advancement.


A Space For Bright Ideas - Let your bright ideas be converted into meaningful changes! Coins culture welcomes new ideas backed up by data to create an impact.
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.
APPLY FOR THIS JOB

Coins.ph Home Page

Jobs powered by