URL: https://jobs.lever.co/coins/317679f4-a6fc-40bc-ac89-e5dc42c95899

Product Manager (SH)
Shanghai, ChinaPayments – Product Solutions /Consultant /On-Site
	APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Join the Pioneer Crypto Brand in the Philippines!


Coins is the most established crypto brand in The Philippines and has gained the trust of more than 18 million users. Through the easy-to-use mobile app, users can buy and sell a variety of different cryptocurrencies and access a wide range of financial services.


Coins is fully regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) and is the first ever crypto-based company in Asia to hold both Virtual Currency and Electronic Money Issuer licenses from a central bank.


Coins.ph is looking for a Product Manager with a strong crypto, fintech or payments background to join our Product team. In this role you will help the company's Product team to make decisions based on data and best practices. The ideal candidate has strong experience in the fintech industry helping business stakeholders with innovative solutions and in driving user experience initiatives. 
Responsibilities
Work with Engineering and Design to ideate, build, and optimize our user journey from onboarding to trading and payments
Own related operational metrics like KYC pass rates, payments/trading conversion, etc.
Drive strong decision-making through quantitative results and AB testing, and qualitative research and customer insights
Partner with cross-functional stakeholders (e.g. Marketing, Sales, Operations, Compliance,Legal, etc.) to scale the business while managing operational efficiency
You may be a good fit if
You have a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a technical field (e.g Computer Science) or a design-related field (e.g Design, Human-Computer Interaction) 
You have experience building and managing crypto, payments or fintech products
You are familiar with the Philippines and/or Southeast Asian markets 
You possess superior analytical and quantitative skills, and have the ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions 
You demonstrate ability working in a data-driven environment and moving metrics to reachKPI goals You are insatiably curious and inquisitive (asking “why?” a lot) 
You are a skilled communicator and can collaborate effectively with a breadth of stakeholders including engineering, lawyers, compliance people, sales reps, and executives You not only welcome feedback from customers and teammates but you thrive on it
Additional
We are hiring different directions of PM, such as: Trading/Growth/Asset/Account etc..
Join the Coins Team Now!


Meaningful Collaborations - The successful candidate will work cross-functionally with other relevant teams to carry out implementations that will improve and create an impact on customer experience.


Scalable Growth - Be part of a fast-growing organization with the vision to expand its territories outside APAC which will provide opportunities for career advancement.


A Space For Bright Ideas - Let your bright ideas be converted into meaningful changes! Coins culture welcomes new ideas backed up by data to create an impact.
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.
APPLY FOR THIS JOB

Coins.ph Home Page

Jobs powered by