URL: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/sealed/74591810-d66a-4451-832a-a94063bfa4de?ref=interviewstack.io

Senior Product Manager
Location

New York City (Sealed HQ); Remote USA

Employment Type

Full time

Location Type

Remote

Department

Product & Engineering

Compensation
$150K – $175K
Overview
Application

Who are we?

Sealed is a climate tech company with a mission to stop home energy waste and electrify all homes.

We are looking for a product manager to expand our contractor rebate processing product. Contractors are on the front lines of electrification and need help unlocking various utility and government incentives, from weatherization to complex, measured programs. Sealed’s product makes rebates easy, starting before a job begins all the way through to complex performance-based measurement of counterfactual energy savings.

We are a venture backed and a remote-first company based in New York City. Learn more at sealed.com.

Responsibilities include

Deeply understand our customers and their needs, both qualitatively and quantitatively

Set the product roadmap with product, design and engineering

Experiment with product features and go to market strategies

Analyze data and adjust on the fly

Collaborate across our org, driving toward the best holistic experience for our customers

Required Qualifications

4+ years experience as a Product Manager, preferably on B2B product(s)

Clear written communication skills (we have a doc-heavy culture!)

Experience analyzing data and using it to drive product decision making

Ability to work collaboratively with design, engineering and a variety of stakeholders

Demonstrated leadership and hustle

Preferred Qualifications

Interest in or passion for electrification

Familiarity with or interest in building construction and the physical world

Experience with products in their relatively early stages

At Sealed, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. So if you’re excited about this role, but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in this job description – we encourage you to apply anyways! You might be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Benefits & Perks

Competitive Salary & Equity

Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits

Flexible remote-first culture, with optional office space in NYC for folks who want to work together IRL

Flexible PTO

401(k)

Pre-Tax FSA Health / Dependent Care Savings Plans

Salary Range - $150,000 - $175,000

Individuals seeking employment at Sealed are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

Apply for this Job
Powered by 

Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure