URL: https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/silverorange-digital-product-lead

Find Jobs
Community
Career Services
About
Sign in
Post a job
All jobs
Product
Digital Product Lead
Digital Product Lead

Posted 21 hours ago

silverorange is a design and development agency based in Canada. When pursuing work, we focus on interesting and meaningful projects. Over our 26 years as a company, we’ve worked with well-known technology organizations like Duolingo and Mozilla, not-for-profit organizations working in areas including arts funding and affordable internet access for low-income families, and with world-renowned doctors training other doctors through online education.
 
Apply now
AI Auto-Apply
Save job
The company
silverorange is a design and development agency based in Canada. When pursuing work, we focus on interesting and meaningful projects. Over our 26 years as a company, we've worked with well-known technology organizations like Duolingo and Mozilla, not-for-profit organizations working in areas including affordable internet access for low-income families, and with world-renowned doctors training other doctors through online education.
 
We’re proud of the fantastic products we’ve built in partnership with our clients and we’re actively invested in the processes behind these products. We are committed to fostering a team-focused approach in our work of building great user-focused systems, while also placing a serious emphasis on quality of life, openness, empathy, and a supportive work environment.
 
The position
We’re looking for a Digital Product Lead to join our team. 
 
This role is responsible for working with one of our largest medical education clients to translate their product vision and strategy into an actionable roadmap for current and future work across multiple project teams and platforms. This role will spend equal time coordinating with our client and with our internal teams, and can be understood as a hybrid of a product manager, product strategist, and client partner role. 
 
We favour applicants with a strong sense of ownership over their own work. Excitement and ability to learn and contribute is more important to us than other metrics like years of experience.
 
This position is available immediately and we will work with you to get you started as soon as possible.
 
Responsibilities
Serve as a resource to support our client in developing, and maintain a deep understanding of, their business, vision, and product.
Use client data, analytics, and your own market research to understand and advise on user behaviour and feature success.
Plan and facilitate conversations with our client and key members of the silverorange team to gather, build consensus around, and share information about the client’s overall product goals.
Coordinate with internal teams to ensure that conversations, feature development, and product improvements happening within individual project teams are aligned with the client’s overall product vision.
Ensure that documentation of the client’s product strategy and roadmap is up to date and shared across internal project teams.
Work with the client to prioritize product features and capabilities while accounting for our team’s resources and limitations.
 
Requirements
Be eligible & available to work from Canada. Eligibility to travel to the United States for occasional client meetings is an asset.
2+ years of experience as a product lead or equivalent experience.
Experience liaising between non-technical clients and technical internal teams.
Excellent organizational and communication skills.
Strong sense of ownership over work.
Strong client management skills.
Ability to synthesize input from multiple sources to negotiate a clear path forward.
Experience with analytics platforms (we use Amplitude).
Be able to communicate clearly with clients and co-workers across multiple time zones. Several of our key clients are in California and we have team members across Canada.
 
While not required, if you have any of the following skills let us know:
Digital design or development experience.
 
Growth & ownership
Our team is co-operative and will help you learn and expand your skills via mentoring, team-wide support, and learning opportunities. All members of the team are encouraged and given space to grow as individual contributors, and have ongoing opportunities in project and team leadership.
 
We’re excited to hear your fresh ideas and approach. We have decades of collective experience, and we all continue to become better at what we do by both teaching and learning from each other. Add your voice to our mix!
 
Opportunity for employee ownership is a fundamental part of silverorange (non-founders currently own more than a third of the company) and we’re currently working on new ways to transfer even more ownership to employees.
 
Inclusion & diversity
People with different backgrounds and experiences make us stronger, and we’re always looking for ways to improve. Our team is getting more diverse across many dimensions of diversity, but we’re still missing perspectives that could make our work better. We highly encourage people from traditionally underrepresented groups in our industry to apply—we’d love to hear from you.
 
Remote working is just as good as local
Our team has been remote-friendly for over 20 years, and remote-first for the last 10. We continue to improve our approach to having a dispersed team. This is a full-time remote position regardless of location, though you are welcome to work from our lovely offices in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada if you wish.
 
The majority of our team is full-time remote and 95% of our clients are remote. You’ll need to be comfortable working with a remote team regardless of your location.
 
Typically all employees spend at least one week each year working from our Charlottetown office, so plan on visiting PEI semi-regularly.
 
Though you may be working remotely, you’ll be an active member of a great and small but growing team, both here at silverorange and with our clients. Regular voice or video communication will help keep you in touch with the smart people with whom you’ll be working.
 
Benefits & compensation
Flexible work days, approached collaboratively with you to allow for the realities of appointments, family minding, and your everyday life.
3 weeks of paid vacation, on top of 10 paid days of civic holidays, and 3 weeks of paid company-wide shut down.
Generous health and dental coverage, with 100% of premium covered by silverorange.
New computer hardware every 4 years, and other tools as needed.
Yearly company-wide bonuses based on overall company success, plus ownership opportunities and dividends for long-term employees.
Salaries based on skills and experience ranging from CAD $75,000 - $92,000, with both annual company wide salary band adjustments as well as opportunities and expectation of ongoing career and compensation growth.
Additional remote worker salary add-on of CAD $3,000 per year and a wellness salary add-on of $500 per year.
 
How to apply
We will be accepting applications until May 28, 2026. We will begin reviewing applications and following up with candidates after this date.
 
Click 'Apply Now' and include a copy of your resume, and an explanation of why you’d be great for the job. Tell us how you’ve led a product feature through launch, and provide links to any digital products you’ve worked on, if available. 
 
We want people to feel they can be their genuine selves at work, so we’d love to hear about who you are. If there is anything else you would like to share with us — i.e. a Medium account, online writing or select blog posts, etc. — please feel free to include those as well.
 
If you require accommodations at any phase of the application or interview process, please let us know. We would be happy to support you and discuss accommodations as required.
silverorange 
View company

Jobs posted: 38

About the job 
Posted on
21 hours ago
Apply before
Jun 6th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Category
Product
Country 
🇨🇦 Canada
Apply now
or
Auto-Apply with AI

No forms. Just smart, optimized applications.

Related Jobs
Remote Product jobs→
Head of Community

Jan 28

The Tech Tribe 

Sydney, Australia 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Senior WordPress Developer

Jan 20

WPForms 

West Palm Beach, Florida, United States 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Head of Product

Dec 26

Toggl 

Tallinn, Estonia 

Featured

 Top 100

Full-Time

$100,000 or more USD

Anywhere in the World



Top 100 Companies
Blog
Remote Hiring Guide
FAQ
Events
RSS

40,160 Remote jobs posted

© 2026 We Work Remotely
Contact SupportTermsGuidelinesPrivacyWhy Choose WWR?