URL: https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/upwind-security-product-manager

Find Jobs
Community
Career Services
About
Sign in
Post a job
All jobs
Product
Product Manager
Product Manager

Posted 6 days ago

Apply now
AI Auto-Apply
Save job
Description:

Upwind is a next-generation Cloud Security Platform that leverages runtime context to identify and prioritize critical risks, providing precise insights and efficient cloud security management. Unlike traditional tools, Upwind uses runtime data proactively for risk prioritization and posture insights, ensuring teams focus on what truly matters. With industry-leading efficiency and eBPF-powered sensors, Upwind delivers comprehensive capabilities, including agentless cloud posture discovery, real-time threat protection, and integrated API security. From misconfigurations to malware defense, Upwind ensures end-to-end, cost-effective cloud infrastructure protection. At Upwind, you’ll have the opportunity to think creatively, explore new ideas, and use your skills to make a meaningful impact on our growth.




We are looking for an experienced Product Manager to join our product team at Upwind, the runtime-powered CNAPP that revolutionizes cloud infrastructure security. As a Product Manager, you will have a pivotal role in steering the strategic direction of our product, contributing to the ongoing success of our mission to redefine cloud security. If you are a forward-thinking Product Manager ready to make an impact in a fast-paced and innovative environment, we invite you to be a key player in our dynamic team.




Responsibilities 

Leading, defining, and building features, capabilities, and domains within Upwind's product.
Engaging with customers and the sales team on strategic accounts, providing strong technical leadership.
Collaborating closely with our talented R&D teams to build impactful features.
Taking ownership of all product aspects from design through development and rollout.
Collaborating with Product Marketing, Customer Success, and Sales to deliver an exceptional Upwind experience to our customers.


Requirements:
A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science/EE or equivalent.
Experience in cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, or GCP) and Kubernetes.
Minimum of 5 years of experience as a Product Manager.
Minimum of 3 years of experience in cybersecurity.
Strong English skills, both written and spoken.
Upwind Security 
View company

Jobs posted: 1

About the job
Posted on
6 days ago
Apply before
May 29th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Category
Product
Region
Anywhere in the World
Apply now
or
Auto-Apply with AI

No forms. Just smart, optimized applications.

Related Jobs
Remote Product jobs→
Head of Community

Jan 28

The Tech Tribe 

Sydney, Australia 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Senior WordPress Developer

Jan 20

WPForms 

West Palm Beach, Florida, United States 

Featured

Full-Time

Anywhere in the World

Head of Product

Dec 26

Toggl 

Tallinn, Estonia 

Featured

 Top 100

Full-Time

$100,000 or more USD

Anywhere in the World



Top 100 Companies
Blog
Remote Hiring Guide
FAQ
Events
RSS

40,137 Remote jobs posted

© 2026 We Work Remotely
Contact SupportTermsGuidelinesPrivacyWhy Choose WWR?