Product Manager, Lifecycle Systems Full Description
At 2U, we are all in on purpose. We are motivated by our mission – to make learning limitless– and connected by our shared passion to deliver world-class higher education at scale. As the parent company of edX, a leading online learning platform, 2U powers thousands of  higher education offerings – from free courses to full degrees. Together with our college, university, and corporate partners, we are helping accelerate careers and transform lives. 

What We’re Looking For:

As the Product Manager for Lifecycle Systems, you will lead the technical orchestration and systems development for the 2U learners. You will be the primary architect of the infrastructure that powers a learner-centric framework designed to foster cross-functional alignment and strategic collaboration.

Your mission is to move beyond the current state,and build the systems that deliver a seamless, long-term relationship with our learners. You will transform the "dotted line" stage where customer expectations and metrics into verified, "solid line" data-driven experiences.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To:

Define and build the technical connective tissue between our data warehouse and our primary activation channel, Salesforce Marketing Cloud (SFMC) and others.
Operationalize the seven-stage customer lifecycle framework ensuring systems can accurately identify and transition customers through each stage of their lifecycle.
Leverage the existing customer lifecycle shared language to reduce silos and resolve cross-functional conflicts, ensuring teams can execute on the mission of delivering the best value to all edX learners.
Act as the "Command Center" for strategic levers. You will ratify and prioritize customer lifecycle metrics, helping teams understand how their specific work (e.g., SEO or Enterprise lead funnels) ladders up to our north star vision of delivering lifetime value.
Build the capabilities required for a multi-product strategy, enabling edX to identify the exact moment a learner should pivot to a new skill, career pathway, or product line.
Partner with XD and Marketing leadership to verify the squads and systems working within each lifecycle stage and establish business processes for maintaining our metric "source of truth".
Things That Should Be In Your Background:

2+ years of experience in Product Management, specifically focusing on the infrastructure and back-end logic of marketing technology.
Proven track record of architecting automated systems that handle linear, non-linear, and cyclical customer behaviors.
Deep, expert-level understanding of Salesforce Marketing Cloud (SFMC) as the primary activation engine.
Familiarity with high-scale delivery systems; experience with Sendgrid, Braze, or Amazon SES is favorable but not required.
Ability to map complex technical data points to high-level primary metrics like cost-per-acquisition, lead to enroll and success metrics.
Experience leading cross-functional teams out of "dysfunction" by establishing clear, shared objectives and a unified technical language.
Other Attributes That Will Help You In This Role:

Proactive ownership and builder mindset, focused on moving systems beyond their current state to deliver long term business and learner value. 
Strong curiosity and technical aptitude for exploring new marketing and data infrastructure technologies for performance optimization.
Strong, data-informed product mindset. 
Experience in leveraging experimentation to drive system evolution and strategic decision making. 
Ability to distill complex technical concepts into clear and actionable terminology for non-technical audiences
While this position is open to remote candidates across the U.S., we will prioritize those who live in the Washington-Baltimore metropolitan area and who are available to come into our Headquarters in Arlington, VA two days a week.

Benefits & Culture

Our global employee base is a diverse collection of innovators, dreamers, and doers working together to transform lives through higher education. We believe that every employee can advance our shared purpose, and that life at 2U should be fun and meaningful. If you’re excited by the opportunity to provide millions of learners and counting with access to world-class higher education, then join us – and do work that makes a difference. 

We offer comprehensive benefits (unique per country) and excellent work/life balance.
Full-time, U.S.benefits include: 

Medical, dental, and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability, and 401(k) employer match
Free snacks and drinks in-office
Generous paid holidays and leave policies, including unlimited PTO
Additional time off benefits include: volunteer days, parental leave, and a company-wide winter break
The anticipated base salary range for this role is ($124,000 - $140,000), with potential bonus eligibility.  Salary offers are made based on the candidate’s qualifications, experience, skills, and education as they directly relate to the requirements of the position, budget for the position and cost of labor in the market in which the candidate will be hired.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to building and sustaining a culture of belonging, respect, and inclusion. We are proud of the steps we’ve taken to bring together an employee base that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by what makes us different, as well as by how we are alike. 

2U is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodations, please reach out to us at: recruitingaccommodations@2u.com. 

About 2U

2U partners with the world's top universities and companies to develop and deliver education programs that accelerate careers and transform lives. Through partnerships with the world’s leading colleges, universities, and companies, 2U delivers thousands of online programs to millions of learners worldwide on edX, its global learning platform. From executive education and professional credentialing to master’s degree programs and free, open courses, 2U transforms how top institutions deliver workforce-aligned online education, enabling professionals to advance without pausing their careers. Learn more at 2U.com.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits and pay.